# CSPLUSPLUS
CS 255 system analysis
DriverPass system analysis was the main project for the CS-255 class. The DriverPass system is a system that allows for students from any location to request learning materials that have been supplied by the DMV for general studying. The owner Liam would also like to be able to see the difference the DriverPass program is having, so it is to be brolken into two gradebooks, one for individual students and one for the aggragated data of all students using the system as an average rate of driving ability. The DriverPass system should create individual accounts for each student and allow for the upgraded purchase of three tiers of learning packages offered. The packages are yet to be fully defined, so the system will be based purely on the core concept of role based features that can be used as the moduler starting point for the future packages. Each student should be allowed to study without a subscription to get as much reach in audience as possible, and a pre test and pre test driving simulator should be taken for the baseline of the student for Liams annalysis. Each student address will be used for certain package features, like test pickups from home and also to aggragate driving data based on area for further analysis of system changes to education in the population. The thing that lacks the most in my project is the lack of detail from both a fundamental modular structure start point and the lack of ability to converse with the owners for more detail on these "packages" and the overall cloudiness of the end product made my analysis weak in my opinion. The need for more structured classes and a stable set of attributes was never something I put enough work into from the beginning and by the end I could tell that I was squirelling my way to the end rather than taking a designated path that I was laying out to get to the end product. I did have some computer issues during the project that did make this organization a little harder, but that only speaks to the importance of structure consistency from the team and each developer from the start instead of anticipating the ability to jump in without falling under. From the DriverPass owner Liam was one primary request outside of the system main purpose of offering education, and that was the data analysis of the effect of DriverPass. As I built the idea I tried to keep this at the forfront by making use of both an individual gradebook and a student body gradebook so that each students activity could be seen as progress inside of a student body. I also tried to emphasize the need to keep some portions of a students address as accessible to the student body gradebook so that data could be viewed by the location area, to better understand if a specific region struggled with the materials, or if in the future a higher population of students request tests in the area a driver or second location can be considered for price margin mitigation in driving costs or more thorough class materials being offered based on area. I would like to believe I approach development from a broad view and look for where to break things into more useful future use cases but I am by far not great at it yet. The thing I try to keep in view is where things will be, like the idea that in 10 years DriverPass may need to get a second location for drivers, or a morwe "Uber"-like system might be used, for when the 10 cars that the system has to use is just not keeping up. Always read transcripts twice, always. Construction has taught me one thing, measure twice before you cut, and in system design the cut is much harder to make a second time if you have omplemented second and third teams in developement. 
